date: 2012-12-16
location: Kadina, South Australia

Our first full day in Kadina.

A few square, squat rows of semi-new shops line up either side of relaxed streets of a town
founded on wealth. We tour through the new marina at Walleroo on the way to North Beach.
Rows of two stories mansions back the constructed waterway. The copper rush may be over
but with the wealth of farming in this region the region never slumped. We would return
to Walleroo a few days later for a barbeque with friends of Jess' parents. The boats in
marina need to be raised up out of the water to rest as the seaweed sticks to the hull,
reducing maneouverability and slowly damaging the fibreglass. Is it a sign of our
persistence desire to use wealth over nature that we need to float our $65,000 luxury fishing boats.
When you realise we made the marina, so our need to float our fishing boat is our problem
we caused.

This region on the Eyre Peninsula is known as the Copper Coast. Kadina, Walleroo and 
Moonta form what is known as the Copper Triangle.


date: 2012-12-17
location: Kadina, South Australia
Today's beach was Moonta. The skies vacant, the sun delightfully shining down on shallow
water with a greenish tinge. Four dogs splashed and swam. The oldest, Arana gets sore hips
from running so I spent time throwing a tennis ball as far as I could into the deeper waters.
She would swim out and fetch it endlessly. It tires her our with aching her joints. Moonta
is the pick of the beaches here, scenic and pretty. We walked 

--
I went out for a run tonight. The sky was black and filled with stars. A stopped and
stared. Living in Melbourne I had forgotton about how beautiful the night sky is and how
easy it is to lose yourself in the moment of an endless gaze. I sat down where the street
lights wouldn't cloud my view with light pollution. I missed Canberra a little at this
point. It's skies are clear most of the year around, day and night. I spent ten years at
the edge of the city where the lights of the city were minmal.

date: 2012-12-18
location: Kadina, South Australia

Rural australia isn't a very vegetarian place. I shouldn't be surprised; most of the world
isn't vegetarian friendly with only the more progressive cities having constistent options.
Kadina tried very hard for us. "Do you have any vegetable pasties?" we ask. "Ummm..." ponders
the young woman behind the counter. "We have chicken and vegetable pasties?". I guess chicken
is a vegetable. The second 'bakery' offered us a potential salad which we gathered would be
lettuce and tomato. The third didn't receive their shipment of vegetarian products today. The
fourth was closed.

An amusing note about the fourth cafe. We had coffee there on the first day in Kadina. It wasn't
great. On the last day we had coffee at a place across the road. The guy who worked in the
fourth cafe was sitting down drinking coffee. I guess that explains why the coffee was bad.

--
date: 2012-12-19
location: Kadina, South Australia

One
blasting xmas carols through the speakers lined along the main street
the xmas lights train and the seniors bus; the sense of community


Date: 2012-12-20
location: The Copper Triangle, South Australia
the people scared of dogs
 - the riot act at moonta; who then took his kids away
 - the boy at the beach
 - the woman who tried to run us over
 - no dogs in cafe outside areas

